Hello, my name is Andrew Jones
and I am director of loudspeakers engineering for both TAD laboratories and Pioneer electronics
I've been involved in loudspeaker development from both research and the development side of it for almost 35 years.
It started out as a passion for Hi-fi and in particular loudspeakers
in my early teens and I made it my whole life career
My philosophy of what I'm trying to achieve in loudspeaker development
is the idea of bringing to you the original artistic intention of the musicians and recording engineers
this is more than just the original performance because not all performances exist in the form we can listen to
but the intention of those engineers who capture whatever performance is going on, that's what I want you to hear
For the second generation of this award winning loudspeaker range
there is a number of improvements I've made primarily to the drive units themselves these the  the heart of the system
for the bass driver in the bookshelf and also in the center channel
I have a new cone that is a structured surface cone material
with an embossed pattern into the cone to give it better rigidity to the low frecuencies
but slowed out the breakup modes of high frecuencies
this allows us to more easily transition to the tweeter
combined with a harder dust cap to control the resonances of the higher frecuencies
now looking at the rear of the driver, you can see we've vented the pole piece
this allows us to relieve the pressure built up behind the dust cap
and give it more dynamic bass performance
we've also lowered the resonant frequency of the driver
so again getting much more extended bass performance out  of this driver
For the tweeter again many changes
new dest dome material
new waveguide shape to get better off-axis performance and matching to the midrange
and a much larger magnet, this gives it greatly improved sensitivity of the tweeter
so it don't get as much thermal compression at high volumes
so all of this changes mean we get more dynamic performance  from this speaker system
We combined that again with a six element crossover network
we have a film capacitor for the tweeter
we have an air core inductor on the tweeter
and for the bass driver we have a laminated steel coil inductor
this allows us to get high sound levels without any
ill effects from bad inductor
Overall, the speaker system have
more extended dynamic bass
smoother midrange performance
and overall increase in both efficiency and easy of drive
so even with entry level receivers we get a very well matched system and a very well performing system
What I wanted to create with this line of speakers was not only bringing you the original artistic contention of the performances
but also the fun factor in listening to music
we want to listen to music we want to enjoy our music
and we want to be surprised by what is in that music
and I believe that this line of speakers allow you entry into that
the fun of what is in that music
to listen more and more and fully be involved and enjoying the musical experience